Update data-retention.rst (#3137)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/data-retention.rst

Morever, any failures are returned in the server logs. The error log begins with the string ``Failed job`` and includes a job_id key/value pair. Data retention job failures are identified with worker name ``EnterpriseDataRetention``. You can optionally create a script that programmatically queries for such failures and notifies the appropriate system.

> Does the system administrator get any notification when the data retention period is changed?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Does the System Administrator get any notification when the data retention period is changed?
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> No, the new config is updated, but the sysadmin does *not* receive any feedback on what the effects will be (e.g. reporting of how many messages to be deleted).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, the new config is updated, but the System Admin does not receive any feedback on what the effects will be (e.g. reporting of how many messages are to be deleted).
```

Author: Thanks for fixing that Amy. This was my first attempt at editing, so I am still learning.

Reviewer: @bvineyar These are suggestions for changes, so you will need to commit these suggestions to this PR. Let me know any questions.
